“I like leaving something of mine on you,” he mused, brow knitted as he confirmed what I was thinking the minute before. 
My moment had come, it was time to play my trump card, “There’s something else you might like,” I whispered, my tone playful as I prepared to give him the news that would hopefully shake his thoughts enough to alter his cautionary perception. 
“And what, pray tell, is that Mrs Grey?” he purred, slowly backing me up to the wall. His hands resting on my shoulders as he steered. Mercurial to a fault his eyes were twinkling with a hint of mischief, his mouth curved with all the lascivious intent in the world. Any traces of solemnity banished to a compartment in his mind that he rarely put on show.
“I have something for you – or rather – I don’t.” I couldn’t resist playing with him, teasing him with my delightful titbit. I had to employ the help of my teeth to curb the Cheshire-cat smile playing tug of war with my mock-serious face. 
“Mmhh,” he mulled, his grin widening as his eyes turned into a molten shade that sent fire licking at my centre. “I love getting gifts from you baby, but if you don’t spill it I’ll torture it out of you.” He positioned his hands on the sides of my body, resting over my ribs, but I knew the stillness of them was deceptive. Those fingers could stroke with love just as much as they could tickle with merciless incursion – all at the drop of a hat. His light touch wasn’t fooling me, not with the digits poised for torment. 
Much as I wanted to continue teasing him my body was demanding the attention I knew was due me – as much from my earlier stellar performance as from what I was about to share. Besides, I had nowhere to go, trapped as I was by his large frame pinning me to the wall, his leg firmly lodged between mine. I couldn’t help squeezing the latter with my thighs in a bid for some precious relief. 
Christian played along, flexing his quad into my clench so I could grind my sex against him. With a knowing smirk, he found my gaze, fluttering as I gasped at the welcome pressure. His long fingers stroked my sides lightly, their tips a mere whisper on my skin – a maddening glide that was somewhere between sensual and ticklish. I moaned, forgetting myself for a minute. 
I shivered as Christian added another layer to his onslaught of sensation. His ruggedly, stubbly chin made it into the crook of my neck. Judging by his groan he took immense delight in dragging the stiff, shadowy growth over my hypersensitive skin. 
Goose bumps raced on the back of a shiver, all over my fevered limbs. There was no denying the sudden, liberal lubrication that’s eased the grind between our joint bodies. My thrumming pulse was already a testament to my mounting pleasure, if this was his version of torture I’d take it any day.
